# mtm6302-capstone-beveridgej


## Jon Beveridge
## 040732724
## Pokedex

## For my design choices I wanted to go for a minimal design so that is was easy for the user to use the pokedex. I decided to go with colours that were familiar with the pokemon brand while using a font that was simliar but had its own style. For the home page I went with pokemon that show in each card that also had a toggle switch to show if they were caught or not. If they are caught there is a button in the top right corner that will slide out and menu showing the caught pokemon to the list. If a card is clicked on it an overlay will show the pokemon in a bigger format and also their different attributes and details. There is also a more button added to the bottom to load the next 20 pokemon if users want to see other ones. For the mobile version I made it so that 3 pokemon are shown at first with the more button loading more if desired. I also kept the pokeball toggle and caught list which will slide out over the home screen. When tapping a pokemon card the detailed overlay will pop up with the pokemon at the top and then the other details below it. 

## Steps I used throughout the process of creating the prototype were to make sure the design closely matched the mockup while using an exisiting css framework. I decided to use bootstrap so that I could easily display the information using their grid process while styling my webpage with their resources changing what I needed along the way. The grid ends up using a 4 card layout across then a div to move to the next row so that 4 more can be added. Challenges faced during this project stage were the sidenav bar which will be functional with the proper JS eventlistener code, using bootstraps grid inside the overlay caused issues with the javascipt which made it more difficult to program how to open and close it. Making sure that the grid layout changed from mobile to desktop while keeping the informatrion in the correct order so that it matched the mockup was also challening.

## Steps taken to create the project for part-4 were to create individual parts to tackle in small pieces so the project was more manageable. I wanted to make sure that if I ran into any issues I could solve the problem easily without having to look through a lot of code and guess where the problems were. I decided to start with accessing the api so that the pokemon would fill the grid I had made with bootstrap. After I could do that I wanted to make sure the correct information was being sent to the overlay so that the correct image and stats were shown for each individual pokemon while keeping the move set list short by only showing the first few moves instead of a long list. Then making sure that if I loaded more pokemon the page wouldn't load and that a new set of 20 pokemon were shown. The final step was to make sure the caught list was properly displaying the correct caught pokemon and also keeping them in the list even though the page was reloaded. Challenges I faced were making sure the caught pokemon would load in the sidebar when the page was reloaded and the sidebar was opened again, while also making sure the pokeball toggle button would show what pokemon were in the caught list on reload. Another issue was lining up the toggle button like the design. Unfortunatly bootstrap makes it difficult to overlay images at certain points so I decided to move the pokeball to the bottom center of each card which turned out to be more asthetically pleasing and easier to portray caught pokemon when added to the list.  